Add spec for RETURNDATASIZE opcode (#241)
privacy-scaling-explorations/zkevm-specs: specs/opcode/3dRETURNDATASIZE.md

# RETURNDATASIZE opcode

## Procedure

### EVM behaviour

The `RETURNDATASIZE` opcode gets size of output data from the previous call from the current environment.

### Circuit behaviour

1. Construct call context table in rw table

> 2. Do busmapping lookup for call context last call return data length read operation
> 3. Do busmapping lookup for stack write operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Do a busmapping lookup for CallContext last Call's ReturnDataLength  read.
3. Do a busmapping lookup for a stack write operation corresponding to the RETURNDATASIZE result.
```

## Constraints

1. opId == 0x3D
2. State transition:
   - gc + 2
   - stack_pointer - 1
   - pc + 1
   - gas + 2
3. Lookups: 2

>    - `u64` is in the rw table {call context, call ID, call data length}
>    - `u64` is on top of stack

Reviewer: This should not be just `u64` and should actually reflect the 
```suggestion
   - ReturnDataLength is in the rw table {call context, call ID, ReturnDataLength}.
   - ReturnDataLength is on top of stack.
```

## Exceptions

1. stack overflow: stack is full, stack pointer = 0
2. out of gas: remaining gas is not enough

## Code

> Please refer to `src/zkevm_specs/evm/execution/returndatasize.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [returndatasize.py](src/zkevm_specs/evm/execution/returndatasize.py).
```
